It was such a treat, after such a long time I could hear such a great master of music
tonight and you two all enjoyed very much, I could see the way you are glued to your
places.
I mean, I don't know how we are so lucky that we get all the talents, all the beautiful
blessings, even in music which is very difficult to achieve in this far off place like a jungle.
I hope you all have enjoyed it very much.
I have now heard our Guruji's Guru and I have heard also his Guru, I am as old as that.
And the beauty of his music is that he doesn't get, I should say, excited very much, very
relaxed.
His Guruji was used to rise about half way while singing.
Of course he was very great singer, no doubt, but he used to do that way and then you come
down and then again he used to rise.
He is a very, very nice person, extremely nice and just lost in the music.
Now after such a long time I could hear the echo of that great music and I must thank
him very much for creating such good artists like our Guruji, his own son and the little
one who has shown such miraculous powers.
So we have to thank him very much, again and again, please give him a hand.
Also he has promised to come with Babamama for Guru Puja, to Cabella.
So now we'll have to have four days, Guru Puja, I think.
Tomorrow, Indians are going to be given
the gift that you people from the west have brought very graciously.
So I would like to thank on their behalf for this
beautiful presents you have brought for them.
So tomorrow morning the westerners or Australians,
or New Zealand, can have a nice sleep. They need not come.
But if they want they can go to the seashore.
But these presents will be distributed by Indians.
And also if Gregore gets up, Guido the Great, Babamama has called you Ka Saab Guido.
If they both are awake they are welcome because they are world leaders.
They can help in the distribution.
Of course Rajesh will be there no doubt, half asleep.
So Mr. Jalan or Rajiv Kumar, I hope Rajiv Kumar has gone off to sleep, he couldn't.
Jalan is still existing.
Both of them have done a great job with Me, written down for everyone.
And so I think the Westerners need not waste their time.
They can enjoy themselves.